---
title: "Intro to Gamma Space"
date: 2023-01-01T00:00:00-00:00
draft: false
description: "A brief introduction to Gamma Space, a community space for games and play in Toronto, Canada."
tags: ["Gamma Space"]
---

## Gamma Space is so cool…

In 2011, I, along with others, co-founded Gamma Space Collaborative Studio, a not-for-profit co-working and event hub for independent artists thriving in screen-based media. Our aim was to cultivate a collective environment for indie developers and artists. Together, we contributed to the creation of several video game titles released on various platforms such as PC, iOS, and PlayStation【6†(GitHub)】.

My involvement didn't just halt at the foundational level; I actively engaged with the Gamma Space community and beyond. I remember a particular session where we showcased five virtual reality experiences. It was a collaborative effort to promote virtual reality, and the session was attended by around 60 enthusiastic students as well as a range of industry professionals. During this session, I also shared some insights, reflecting the collaborative ethos of Gamma Space rather than any hierarchical leadership【7†(The Queen's Journal)】.

Within the cooperative framework of Gamma Space, my role extended to program facilitation alongside fellow members like datejie cheko green, kaitlyn dougon, and bryan depuy. We collectively navigated the operational and programmatic aspects of Gamma Space, continually striving to foster a conducive and inclusive environment for indie artists and developers. Our collaborative efforts underscored the essence of Gamma Space as a collective rather than a hierarchy with distinct leadership roles【8†(Gamma Space)】.